[Music]
a sailing boat is shown as the film
starts
some people are searching out a few
things in it
because it is a deserted sailing boat
they find the shoes and notes of any man
police leave taking these things in
custody
suddenly an ocean storm breaks out
tunnels begin to be destroyed
and all are gossiping about this
happening
and it is a team of scientists they all
are worried thinking about it
as why is this storm breaking out is it
earthquake
but no one is getting any idea and
police decide to investigate it
and this mission is started people had
started to face the chaos after this
destruction so police save them
but tunnels were still smoking
there were also some people who were
enjoying
while uploading this occurrence on
social media making the videos
and they were not fearing at all
but japanese government had detected
that there is surely a biggest problem
some cabinet secretariats view as it is
seeming as there is any living creature
in the ocean
they also know that the temperature of
ocean is more than 10 degree centigrade
one more man there says how is it
credible
that any living creature may live in the
high temperature
the rest of the people say who knows
this temperature may increase due to
that living creature
now a meeting is held between statesmen
and scientists
then the news is broadcast on tv
where they find a gigantic tale
it means they observe a gigantic tail
appearing from the ocean
as it really belongs to any living
creature
all are very surprised all say it may be
a new species
now they say that they will decide
through voting
either it is required to kill or just
imprison it
and they finally conclude to kill it now
that creature wanted to travel somewhere
then it crawls to the bridge while
destroying the ships and boats crossing
the water
and it crawls ahead while breaking the
bridge
many people are victimized during this
scientist tells prime minister
this creature is going to bring much
devastation
it should be killed as soon as possible
on the other side one more man tells a
man named yaguchi
that he has a friend named harimi
she has much information about such
things
she may help us
so yagichi agrees and he asks hirami to
visit here reaching there she views some
of creatures photos and videos
she tells others this creature can also
walk
because it has feet it soon comes on the
island
but no one trusts her this told story
soon turns into reality
that creature soon arrives on the land
from the ocean shaking its tail
it had no arms but fins it was appearing
as there are fins near its neck
which are found on the big fish it was
giant
even that thing was crushed where it
used to place its foot
the houses began to shake and all nearby
lying things fly in the air
people had started to fear more
that creature was hitting everything
with its head
as a result building and the cars are
begun to ruin
roads were also cracking and it was also
destroying the people's houses hitting
its tail
its speed is noted 13 kilometers per
hour the forces reach here soon
and they begin to rescue the people of
that place
now the government decide that it should
be killed as soon as possible
so it immediately sends many military
helicopters there
those helicopters are nearly to fire the
missiles on that creature godzilla
but they stop after observing that there
are the some people in its surroundings
and they have to retreat
now this godzilla's name was shin
godzilla
it was japanese and different from other
and it was more threatening in the
matter of devastation
then yagachi builds a team there were
more talented and devoted members
one of the talented boys speaks out from
them that some of the people have
extracted a pulp
it has been researched for many times
its samples have been sent to usa
one more man asks among of them what
will it be eden
from where does it get energy harami
starts to deliberate it
and she thinks why had the temperature
of ocean reached to 100 centigrade on
that day
how did it increase much
it is obvious how godzilla's energy
sources are either radioactive
contamination or nuclear radiation
one man says to yaguchi that the
belongings that we found on that day in
the boat
we will have to search for him he spent
time in the ocean
who knows that he is investigating on it
all agree
because there was a little bit
information about this creature in those
notes found in the boat
but no one knew it before
now all were understanding it as what is
it
that man's research reveals that he had
completed his research
now he was hoping that
remaining research may be conducted by
government scientists
he had also written it that godzilla
lives in the ocean
and it heats those things in the water
which releases the radioactive rays
and it is depending on them for survival
it is not enough its body its swollen as
it comes on the land
and it grows from its normal size
yaguchi decides that godzilla will be
sent to usa
so up-to-date experiments may be
conducted on it
but no one knows when and how these will
be conducted
they had to get a solution how they have
to stop godzilla to come on the land
they also get information that godzilla
can change its body temperature at any
time
so he comes on the land again and
again.contrarily
some people are seen
who were disfavoring this plan to attack
godzilla
because they had a belief that godzilla
is a sent animal by god
or they had also accepted it as their
god
and they had no ideas how much
destruction that it is creating
it soon finishes them today was going to
be more destructive
because godzilla had again approached on
the land
at this time it had more grown
before it it may kill the people
prime minister commandment is received
rescue all people in the cellars
moreover kill godzilla as soon as
possible
they send military who had the advance
weapons
and they put themselves in the tough
struggles
they attack it while firing throwing
bomb and missiles
but godzilla does not get any harm
now japan was not getting ability to
handle godzilla
so us military approaches here and they
were attacking godzilla through the air
strikes
consequently there is created electric
malfunctioning in the tunnels and the
cellar where the nation was safe
the whole system of city had damaged
the building of prime minister was also
in the same region
where u.s military had to use the air
strikes
so they also leave from here
now military starts to attack godzilla
they adjust military tanks on their
position
there are also some tough operation by
the aircraft it means that shin godzilla
is attacked from the four corners
people start to fire on them but it is
not harmed
godzilla's body begins to bleed after
being injured badly
it senses itself evil because of the
bleeding
and its body begins to emit the atomic
rays these rays also emit from its mouth
then it sets the city's building on fire
while throwing the fire from its mouth
and they start to burn it also damages
u.s military's helicopters and the
buildings parting it
in the aircraft of prime minister is
also exploded
now a strange happening occurs here its
tail seems to have some holes
and tail also begins to emit the atomic
rays
these rays are setting everything on
fire parting them
and all airplanes and helicopters in the
air are blasted
now yagichi and us minster are along
with each other
and they are so worried thinking nothing
is defeating it
what will we do now here they arrange a
meeting on urgent basis
here they plan if godzilla possesses the
atomic energy nuclear pulse
so it is getting ability to destroy the
whole world while using it
why did its body not freeze to an extent
that it may not utilize its powers
and all complement this decision
but they are got upset thinking much
coagulant will be required as this shin
godzilla is giant
its supply is not available at this time
so they decide to explode him with the
nuclear attack
but its devastating consequences could
be expected too much
their whole city had destroyed in
killing godzilla
it had left its influence for many years
but they are not permitted for it and
they are ordered that
just work on that plan taken before
this plan was to freeze godzilla
now they make a plane in which they
themselves will create the cogulant
u.s government assures japan government
official that we will rescue your nation
you may accomplish your task till that
time
now one more fact is revealed trough a
reporter that a man who had lost from
the boat
why was he researching on this living
creature or radioactive rays
because his wife had died due to any
radioactive ray
they were researching on it but being
unsuccessful they contacted government
but government overlooked them calling
insane
being heartbroken they disappeared in
unknown place
and their research notes are still in
that sailing boat which you got
some days are passed and they come to
know after a research
that godzilla can expand its generation
if it wants
now they all are afraid that they were
not getting ability to handle one
godzilla
how can other godzilla's maybe handles
so they start to work quickly on their
plan
now
it expresses to japan government that
you are working on your plan with low
pace
we have not much time
we will destroy it with the nuclear if
you will not be able to complete it
within two days and there is left no
effect on us either destruction emerges
in japan or not
we just have to destroy godzilla so it
may not get access to us
now japan's nation is very worried along
with yaguchi
because the days were required to carry
out the plan
knowing about it other countries also
help and favor japan
so this mission may be carried out soon
that day soon arrives
when deep freeze plan is ready now they
say we will have to activate godzilla
now godzilla is standing aside the
railway lines
they drive their trains which crash with
godzilla
now godzilla is awakened
and it begins to precede them
godzilla is walking while destroying the
cars buildings and roads
now the low-energy missiles are thrown
on it so nearby building and people may
not get any harm here shin godzilla
starts to use its abilities
it means that it uses all its abilities
through which it could attack the people
as throw the fire from his mouth and
emit the atomic rays
he begins to weaken when it's all energy
is consumed
and its temperature itself begins to
reduce
now japan's government and the nation
had a plan that
those buildings should be exploded where
godzilla is standing
it's all debris will fall on godzilla
under which it will be buried
and it will not get power to stand again
now it is urgently ordered
that freezing gas tanks should be
brought
these tankers of coagulant reach there
godzilla's face is out of that building
debris and it is little opened
because it had weakened the coagulant is
injected in its mouth bringing the
tankers near its mouth
but it leaves no effect on it
and it stands again while removing the
debris
because there may not left any effect
while injecting the coagulant into the
mouth
it again starts to fall the building
down emitting the atomic rays from its
tail
now they all are disturbed thinking how
it may fall down again
then all trains are again driven in the
direction of godzilla
godzilla again falls down as they crash
with it
and they all start to inject that
coagulant in it without wasting a moment
they all have masked themselves so this
gas may not infect them
now they all direct the gas pipes
towards its mouth and body
and they release that coagulant into it
mouth at one time
godzilla again stands up but it was
ended now
because its body temperatures decreased
to an extent that it is frozen while
standing there
and it is turned into hard stone
it was appearing as it is the fake dummy
of godzilla
alt nation takes the breath of comfort
as they come to know about it
they all are excited they know that
godzilla will remain frozen like this
it will end itself getting no eatable
thing or the nuclear energy
now japanese government
[Music]